the movie starts right after halloween
2018 that if you didn't watch here's the
recap because otherwise you won't
understand a damn thing okay oh okay now
we meet alison's boyfriend who if you
don't remember his name is cameron and
apparently after the halloween party
he's looking for his friend which by
this point isn't going to find him
because he was already killed by michael
myers in the previous movie and on top
of that he later finds cop frank hawkins
who is also dead on the street from the
previous movie well actually
so he calls for help and apparently our
cop protagonist is going to last a
couple more movies meanwhile in a
flashback we go back to 1978 when
hawkins was a young cop and yes i had to
look him up because i saw a familiar
face and the actor is the same as the
one in project x anyway hawkins is
chasing michael myers with a couple of
other cops until at one point he's left
with only one of his buddies and there
he tells him that as a kid he was
friends with michael and apparently he
was a normal kid who kept staring
through the window of his house until
one day he snapped and ended up
murdering his sister somewhere else but
still in 1978 there's a boy named lonnie
who apparently appeared in the first
movie but this doesn't matter much what
matters is that at one point this boy is
left alone apparently he hasn't learned
to walk yet and that's when michael
myers appears but in the end he doesn't
kill him and there appear the two cops
to tell him to go home after that the
officers enter the house where michael
killed his sister they hear noises go
upstairs and i don't know why they
separate until at one point the other
cop stares at the window where michael
used to look out at when he was
[Applause]
oh [ __ ] there michael attacks him
hawkins tries to defend his buddy but
ends up shooting his friend by mistake
then the police arrive arrest michael
and now the movie begins that's why
today on the summarizer halloween kills
back at halloween night 2018 we meet
this couple of characters that aren't
even worth knowing their names the ones
that are worth knowing are these other
four characters who are apparently
lori's friends and they are tommy who is
the boy that laurie was taking care of
40 years ago when she was working as a
babysitter the night michael attacked
them during the first movie marion
chambers who seems to have survived an
assault with him this woman named
lindsay who apparently her babysitter
was executed that same night and finally
lonnie elam who is the boy in the intro
who survived a face-to-face encounter
with michael and who's also now
cameron's father at one point in the
night they toast lorry not knowing that
at that very moment she was going to the
hospital after her house caught on fire
but that's when we find out that a bunch
of firefighters are going to the house
these guys go into turn off the gas but
one of them falls into the basement and
that's when michael myers shows up to
kill a bunch of innocent firemen
[Music]
after that they take lori to the
hospital because she lost a lot of blood
however she is later operated on she
survives and everyone is fine including
her daughter karen and granddaughter
allison no one cares about lori's health
though what matters is that michael
keeps doing what he likes to do most
killing people for no reason on
halloween night so he breaks into the
house of some of lori's neighbors who
hearing some strange noises in the
bathroom and they have the best quote of
the movie there's a big fella in our
bathroom and he's wearing a monster mask
oh what the [ __ ] does he want who gives
a [ __ ] call it cops but there michael
attacks and kills him first and finally
kills his wife who doesn't even try to
escape back at the bar cameron calls his
father to tell him that he found the cop
and that we already saw they take the
cop into the ambulance and lonnie goes
to help him son there everyone starts to
receive news of the murders and on tv we
find out that apparently there are two
patients at the hospital who are missing
oh and also on tv it's julian from the
previous movie oh [ __ ] at one point the
couple's about to go home but there's
someone inside their car and when
everyone in the bar comes out to kill
him thinking it was michael the guy
escapes and we find out that it was
actually the other patient who escaped
from the bus meanwhile in the house
where michael used to live now there are
two guys named john who i bet my 2 000
subscribers that they die in the course
of the movie the point is that some kids
try to play a prank on them and they
steal all their candy but they still end
up running away when they are told that
it's michael myers old house and that
anyone who enters will be killed but
what happens in this house still doesn't
matter what does matter is that at the
hospital the cops start asking alison
and karen some questions until at one
point they tell them the truth about
michael michael is alive
what at that moment cameron also appears
to tell her that his father is putting
together groups to go out and kill
michael but her mother tells her to stop
the [ __ ] and stay there to take care
of her grandmother who's recovering from
surgery still she does what any teenager
in that situation would do ignore her
mother leave her grandmother to die
alone and go out to kill michael myers
so she leaves her a knife and goes the
[ __ ] off meanwhile lonnie is joined by
all the characters that were in the bar
plus the two teenagers so they grab a
couple of rather disappointing guns and
split up into groups to patrol the town
looking for michael at one point lindsay
goes down alone to tell some kids to go
home but they don't want to leave
because a friend is missing but their
friend's mask is with michael so i guess
there's one more kill to count and then
at one point he jumps on the top of the
car where the other three characters are
the old woman shoots at him but she has
no bullets and ends up killing the two
of them and if you thought that the
older woman was stupid it's because you
didn't see what this other woman does
are you stupid or something there the
other woman hits him with a bag of
bricks but it doesn't do [ __ ] to him so
she tries to pull his mask off and with
that she manages to escape and although
at one point she hides and it seems that
michael's about to discover her i don't
know how but she manages to survive
somewhere else alison and the rest are
still driving around and they see that
tommy found lindsay's car full of blood
they go down to look for them but find
the three bodies and apparently the only
survivor was lindsay back in the
hospital lori wakes up but her daughter
dumps the knife and the old woman still
believes that michael myers is dead
there also appears the policeman frank
and they start talking about when they
were young and a lot of things that
nobody cares about the only thing that
matters is that at one point tommy shows
up and tells lori that michael is alive
and killed a bunch of people so the old
lady shoots herself with something for
the pain and goes looking for michael
because she says the only way to kill
him is for her to be the one and now
finally she grabs the knife which i
don't know how she knew was there
because she had never seen it before
meanwhile in michael's old house the two
johns are still alive but not for long
because at one point someone knocks on
the door and when they go to see someone
enters through the back door and i don't
know why they go to look for michael
separately they look for him all over
the house and nothing happens for a long
time though we all know that these two
will die for sure
[Music]
back at the hospital the patient who
escaped from the bus shows up but people
think that michael and they all start
chasing him through the hospital
hallways and pay attention because i've
seen a lot of movies but have never seen
a hospital as chaotic as this one
at one point karen goes after this guy
tells him she knows he's not michael
myers and she's not gonna hurt him but
instead of telling people that this guy
is not the person they're looking for
she locks him in the hallway and i don't
know why but for 10 minutes we're
watching whether or not people kill this
guy and no one really gives a [ __ ] we
all want to see the real michael so to
sum it up the old man ends up suiciding
by jumping out the window and i guess
the moral of his 15 minutes of the movie
is that people turned into monsters or
something i don't know and nobody cares
either nobody cares meanwhile in a
flashback we are shown the night hawkins
unintentionally killed his partner and
how one of the cops helped him to make
it look like his partner shot himself by
accident but what matters is that after
frank tells her that it was the doctor
who led michael to laurie's house and
that it wasn't really him the one
looking for her and also they realized
that when he was a kid michael was
always looking through a window and then
his partner died when he stood in that
same spot concluding that for an
instance before his death he knew
michael wasn't looking out but he was
looking himself at the reflection and
that finally nobody knows what motivates
him to kill but frank always believed
that he wants one thing he wants one
thing what one thing no idea because the
scene ends there and they never make it
clear in the whole movie going back to
the three other main characters lonnie
grabs a map and discovers that michael's
path is always the same he hides goes
out to kill and finally returns home so
they decide to go look for him there and
even though alison says they should
stick together lonnie gets the bright
idea to go in the house alone but
literally two seconds after he enters a
gunshot is heard and the two teens go in
to help there they start to walk
upstairs find the dead johns and look at
this because it's incredible alison
stays two minutes alone just watching
the corpses while her boyfriend goes
back to look for his father and then
michael attacks him and though she tries
to help him she ends up falling down the
stairs and hurting her leg and now
finally michael kills cameron
but when he's about to kill allison her
mother appears to save her there she
takes off his mask and michael starts to
chase her down the street where all the
neighbors are waiting for him to finally
kill michael myers once and for all
finally tommy tells karen to go with his
daughter and that he's going to take
care of him but before she leaves she
stabs him one last time and now it looks
like michael myers is dead after that
laurie starts talking about the true
curse of michael because apparently he's
not a mortal man and the more he kills
the more he transcends to something
impossible to defeat and apparently he
feeds on fear and the evilness of people
or something like that coming to the
conclusion that he cannot be defeated
with brute force so now michael myers
comes back to life to kill all those who
tried to assassinate him
after that karen goes up to see through
that window to realize that he's in the
back and to become the last death of the
movie what and with that strange ending
ends halloween kills comment which
halloween series or movie you'd like me
to summarize for this halloween month's
videos see you later
go to work okay bye
you